[Music]
summers here
hi everyone I'm Robert Rivera and this
is another episode of on the cheap tip
spa quality skin care without the spa
price now summer is literally right
around the corner and for those of us
who spent our winter and spring months
covered up and indoors our skin has not
seen a drop of sunlight and we are pale
like I am right now and being that
summer calls for us to wear a lot less
clothing that skin is going to show so
you don't want to get a tan because
that's not really healthy for your skin
so what do you do well I'm going to show
you two ways on how to make a Coco
bronzer that is not only a bronzer but
also acts as an anti-aging remedy that
is safe and healthy for your skin so the
first tip that I'm going to show you is
how to make a bronzing body lotion and
what you're going to do is start out
with your favorite body lotion that is
colorless so you want to start with a
white base so that it brings out the
color that you're going to put into it
and you're going to put it into a bowl
like so and you can use as much as you
want or as that you think that you're
going to use and you can store this for
a very long time it's not going to go
bad then you're going to get cocoa
powder now cocoa powder is really great
for the skin because it has vitamins A B
D and E and we all know that vitamin A
is retinol and vitamin E is great for
reducing the wrinkles and lines on your
face so that acts as the anti aging
properties
it also has lots of minerals and it has
lots of antioxidants called flavanol and
flavanol is going to help fight free
radicals and smooth out the skin to make
it beautiful and less aging or fight the
aging process so what you're going to do
is grab just a couple of scoops of your
cocoa powder and put it into your lotion
so you want to put about 1/4 cocoa
powder to the amount of lotion that
you've put in so basically you're doing
1/4 cocoa powder and 3/4 lotion and
mixing it together and if you want it
darker you can go ahead and add a little
bit more in you just don't want to add
too much because you don't want it to be
overpowering and you're just going to
mix it and so everything is gone and
I've done it already as you can see and
it's very creamy and bronzy and it looks
really good actually looks like that you
can eat it and it smells really good too
and I just wanted to note that you want
to use natural cocoa powder not
imitation you want to use the real thing
and it's not very expensive you can go
to the store and get like Hershey's
cocoa powder and it's not really
expensive it's like baking cocoa powder
and that's going to have all the
vitamins and minerals and antioxidants
that you want to put on your skin and
then you're going to add it on to your
skin so what I'm going to do is add it
on to the underside of my arm
just to show you because that's the
whitest part of me to show you what it
really does and you're going to add on
and you want to make sure that you
really blend it well because you don't
want to be streaky and you can do a few
coats of this you don't know you can let
it dry and then do some more coats and
if you don't like how dark it is you can
add a little bit more cocoa powder into
it and it's not going to feel sticky
that's the one question that I actually
got from a friend of mine they were like
won't you be sticky all day no it
doesn't have any sugar in it that's only
sugar that's going to make you sticky
not the cocoa powder the actual cocoa
powder is sugarless so it's not going to
have any effect on you and you just want
to rub it in I put a little too much all
at once and you can see the difference
already hello it's amazing and I didn't
rub it in really well yet but once you
rub it in it's it's really cool and I've
done this trick already and people are
like did you get a tan or something it
looks really good so as you can see it's
really cool and so cheap and you're
going to smell delicious all day our
last tip is one that can be considered a
quickie tip and it's basically a cocoa
face bronzer so let's say that you just
run out of powdered face bronzer and you
can't go to the store to get more
because you don't have any time what are
you going to do well you're going to go
into your cabinet grab your cocoa powder
put it into a bowl or a jar grab your
blush brush dip it into the powder as
you would any face bronzer tap off and
brush on to the skin and you'll have
healthy glowing bronzy skin and an
anti-aging remedy all in one and that is
my entire tip I hope that you enjoyed
this make sure that you comment down
below like this video and subscribe to
my channel and I'll see you all next
Monday for another great tip bye guys